I am a Software Developer Engineer in Test with experience creating, testing and presenting a multi-tiered application. Developed a web application front end using key client side technologies including HTML 5, javascript with AJAX, bootstrap and CSS. Knowledgable in regards to implementing front end connectivity utilizing core industry techniques, including servlets, jsp and Jackson. Additionally, levereged JDBC to connect with server-side technologies including SQL to manage a relational database.

Implemented client side applications using key technologies, including HTML 5, CSS, Bootstrap and Javascript with AJAX.
Enforced proper page structure with HTML and professional styling with CSS.
Manipulated Bootstrap in addition to CSS to emphasize consistent and thematic styling.
Exacted client side dynamicity with appropriate JavaScript scripting and functions.
Actualized the AJAX workflow to retrieve appropriate JSON documents to empower client side applications.
Structured Servlets to manage efficient Full Stack application communications.
Executed successful servlet design patterns including Front Controller and efficient Dispatchers.
Accomplished successful connectivity to relational databases using JDBC.
Realized efficient and effective Data Access Objects and their associated Dao Implementations to effectively communicate with a relational database.
Managed and deployed Oracle12c databases hosted through Amazon Web Services Relational Database Management System.
Achieved proper database structuring while emphasizing third normalized form.
Established database management using Oracle SQL.


Lead Developer

Lead Tester​

Designed, created, tested and deployed a full stack application using powerful technologies including HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, AJAX, Jackson, servlets, Java 8, JDBC, Oracle SQL, Maven, GIT, Tomcat and Jenkins.
Established structural HTML, functional JavaScript and stylistic bootstrap/CSS to create a thematic yet dynamic, interactive front end application.
Utilized AJAX to obtain JSON data sent using Jackson logic to allow for a dynamic response to user input. 
Implemented servlets to enable full stack communication, including successful front controller and dispatcher design for ideal routing of client requests.
Developed extensive Java 8 business logic to communicate with a database using DAOs, service classes and DAO implementations.
Manipulated the database using thorough oracle SQL to ensure proper functionality
Completed database functionality, including formation of tables, procedures, sequences, triggers and functions.
Achieved efficient third normalized form following a comprehensive entity relational diagram.
Maintained appropriate version control and save points utilizing Git and Github technologies.
Fulfilled proper dependency management and build automation with Maven.
Preserved accurate logs via log4j for troubleshooting and general information inquiry.
Forged a robust pipeline for the deploying and building of the complete application, using a Tomcat Server, Jenkins and an Amazon Web Services EC2 instance.
